[ty] Fix implementation of `Top[Callable[..., object]]` (#22145)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/ty_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/narrow/callable.md

## Narrowing with other callable types

```py
from typing import Any, Callable

def g(x: Callable[[int], str] | None):
    if callable(x):
        # All callables are subtypes of `Top[(...) -> object]`, so the intersection simplifies.
        reveal_type(x)  # revealed: (int, /) -> str
    else:
        reveal_type(x)  # revealed: None

def h(x: Callable[..., int] | None):
    if callable(x):
        reveal_type(x)  # revealed: (...) -> int
    else:
        reveal_type(x)  # revealed: None
```

## Narrowing from object

```py
from typing import Callable

def f(x: object):
    if callable(x):
        reveal_type(x)  # revealed: Top[(...) -> object]
    else:
        reveal_type(x)  # revealed: ~(Top[(...) -> object])
```

## Calling narrowed callables

The narrowed type `Top[Callable[..., object]]` represents the "infinite union" of all possible
callable types. While such objects *are* callable (they pass `callable()`), any attempt to actually
call them should fail because we don't know the actual signature - we can't know if any specific set
of arguments is valid.

```py
import typing as t

def call_with_args(y: object, a: int, b: str) -> object:
    if isinstance(y, t.Callable):

>         # error: [call-non-callable] "Object of type `Top[(...) -> object]` is not callable"

Reviewer: Error is correct, but as mentioned I think we should use a separate rule code and message here, since it's confusing to say "is not callable" when the code just checked that it's callable! Something like
```suggestion
        # error: [call-top-callable] "Object of type `Top[(...) -> object]` is not safe to call; its signature is not known"
```

Maybe `call-top-callable` is too jargony, but it's also just the rule code? Not thinking of anything obviously better.

    if callable(x):
        reveal_type(x)  # revealed: (...) -> int
    else:
        reveal_type(x)  # revealed: None
```

## Narrowing from object

```py
from typing import Callable

def f(x: object):
    if callable(x):
        reveal_type(x)  # revealed: Top[(...) -> object]
    else:
        reveal_type(x)  # revealed: ~Top[(...) -> object]
```

## Calling narrowed callables

The narrowed type `Top[Callable[..., object]]` represents the set of all possible callable types
(including, e.g., functions that take no arguments and functions that require arguments). While such
objects *are* callable (they pass `callable()`), no specific set of arguments can be guaranteed to
be valid.

```py
import typing as t

def call_with_args(y: object, a: int, b: str) -> object:
    if isinstance(y, t.Callable):
        # error: [call-top-callable]
        return y(a, b)
    return None
```

## Assignability of narrowed callables

A narrowed callable `Top[Callable[..., object]]` should be assignable to `Callable[..., Any]`. This
is important for decorators and other patterns where we need to pass the narrowed callable to
functions expecting gradual callables.

```py

> from typing import Any, Callable, TypeVar

Reviewer 2: I'd be inclined to add a more direct assertion here as well, since I think there might be some open questions about how gradual upper bounds of TypeVars should work:

```suggestion
from typing import Any, Callable, TypeVar
from ty_extensions import static_assert, Top, is_assignable_to

static_assert(is_assignable_to(Top[Callable[..., bool]], Callable[..., int]))
```
